TEXT
https://www.homeenglish.ru/topic_visit.htm

It’s not a pleasure to go to a doctor but sometimes we have to do it because we fell ill. Most of the time we have to visit a doctor when we have a cold. Anyone can get this virus infection and it usually happens twice a year when we don’t feel good, have a fever or a sore throat. The next day we might also have a running nose and a cough. In this case we usually prefer to have a home visit. A doctor does certain standard procedures such as listens to the lungs and our heartbeat with a stethoscope. Then a doctor asks us to open the mouth and stick out the tongue so he/she checks our throat. Sometimes a doctor checks if we have a fever or not. There is nothing scary about this visit. It’s other way around if we need to get an injection, a vaccination or a blood test done. Nobody likes these procedures because they are painful. Sometimes people are so scared of needles that they faint. But it doesn’t happen often fortunately and it takes just a minute for a doctor to make an injection or to take a blood sample. Dentist visit is hard to handle. It’s okay if a dentist just checks your teeth and let you go home with some guidance on how take care of your teeth. But if you have a cavity and he has to fill it in sometimes you can get scared. Just like most of the people I hate having my teeth drilled. In this case it is important how your dentist acts. If my dentist says that there is nothing to worry about or tells a joke it makes me feel much better when I sit in that chair and I calm down. That’s why the main thing is not to be afraid of doctors. And if you have to visit one then be patient or sometimes you have to be brave.





THIS SUMMARIZER

It’s not a pleasure to go to a doctor but sometimes we have to do it because we fell ill. 

Most of the time we have to visit a doctor when we have a cold.

Anyone can get this virus infection and it usually happens twice a year when we don’t feel good, have a fever or a sore throat.

It’s other way around if we need to get an injection, a vaccination or a blood test done. 

But it doesn’t happen often fortunately and it takes just a minute for a doctor to make an injection or to take a blood sample.

If my dentist says that there is nothing to worry about or tells a joke it makes me feel much better when I sit in that chair and I calm down.




OUR COMPETITOR
http://textsummarization.net/text-summarizer


Most of the time we have to visit a doctor when we have a cold.

Dentist visit is hard to handle.

It’s not a pleasure to go to a doctor but sometimes we have to do it because we fell ill.

Sometimes a doctor checks if we have a fever or not.

In this case we usually prefer to have a home visit.

Anyone can get this virus infection and it usually happens twice a year when we don’t feel good, have a fever or a sore throat.








